In the 2nd reading for this class, I mentioned how video games can also be utilized to share a specific experience with other people. It's interesting how the games that were given as examples in the reading were about highlighting a weakness to empathize with. I think that is because games are usually a source of escapism for people and when you want to escape from reality it's because you feel that your reality is not-so-great and you would like to feel strong and powerful which is something you can feel, at least in the fictional world of a video game. However, I think that it is also important to share experiences that make you feel vulnerable because those are the stories that I think push for a change towards a better world. In sharing those experiences, it could also open up a way for you and others to find people who have gone through them as well.

Video games don't have to be "fun". Just like films, music, books, etc., video games shouldn't be only limited to entertainment. Although, I do feel like the video game world might be stuck in that space where they are being made for people to be "entertained". But games can be something used for education purposes. Maybe it might even be utilized for that specific purpose in the world of Academia one day or maybe it already is somewhere and I just haven't heard about any of it. What if games are able to replace textbooks? 

I thought it was interesting how the reading brought up how the world in 1982 not being ready to play a game that highlights the vulnerability of a character because I think today's society are more inclined to flawed characters— their flaws making them feel more "realistic". For example, in superhero films people tend to gravitate and connect more with heroes who mess up. There are also positive feedback to characters who are more like antiheroes or even to villains. I feel like nowadays, people are more inclined to understand and watch how these villains' weaknesses made them into the villains they are.
